Clarify github app integration requirements (#2682)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github.md

- Clone repos using HTTPS rather than SSH.
- Trigger [Continuous integration](/docs/deploy/cloud-ci-job) builds when pull requests are opened in GitHub.

> To connect GitHub in dbt Cloud:

Reviewer: This is repeated below so not necessary here.
```suggestion
```

> 1. A GitHub organization owner must first [install the dbt Cloud application](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#installing-dbt-cloud-in-your-github-account) in your team's GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. All other dbt Cloud developers on the account need to [personally authenticate with GitHub](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#personally-authenticate-with-github) from dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you are the GitHub organization owner tasked with the installation of the dbt Cloud app in step 1, you will also be automatically personally authenticated after completion, so step 2 will be taken care of. This means teams of one only need to complete step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**GitHub On-Premise**

If you're using an On-Premises GitHub deployment, this method will not work for your account. Please instead reference our docs on [importing a project by git URL](/docs/collaborate/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) to set up your connection. This alternative connection method does not include the benefits of the native integration mentioned above.

## Prerequisites

> - You _must_ be a **GitHub org admin** in order to [install the dbt Cloud application](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#installing-dbt-cloud-in-your-github-account). 

Reviewer: How about we spell this out because it looks like Github does.
```suggestion
- You _must_ be a **GitHub organization owner** in order to [install the dbt Cloud application](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#installing-dbt-cloud-in-your-github-account) in your GitHub organization. For more GitHub organization role, see the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/roles-in-an-organization). 
```

> - The GitHub org admin _must_ log into dbt Cloud with _Owner_ or _Account Admin_ [permissions](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/self-service-permissions) to integrate a GitHub environment that uses Organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The GitHub organization owner requires _Owner_ or _Account Admin_ [permissions](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/self-service-permissions) when they log into dbt Cloud to integrate with a GitHub environment using organizations.
```

> - You may need to provide an extra dbt Cloud user account for your GitHub org admin until they complete the installation.

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 a Should we distinguish between Enterprise and self service permissions and/or link to the Enterprise permission page here?
```suggestion
- You may need to temporarily provide an extra dbt Cloud user account with _Owner_ or _Account Admin_ [permissions](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/self-service-permissions) for your GitHub organization owner until they complete the installation.
```

Reviewer 2: yep good callout. i thought of that too and left the self service doc because it included an h2 on enterprise permissions, but i could be more explicit

## Installing dbt Cloud in your GitHub account

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can connect your dbt Cloud account to GitHub by installing the dbt Cloud application in your GitHub organization and providing access to the appropriate repositories. 
```

To connect your dbt Cloud account to your GitHub account: 

1. Navigate to **Your Profile** settings by clicking the gear icon in the top right. 

2. Select **Linked Accounts** from the left menu.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/github-connect.gif" title="Navigated to Linked Accounts under your profile"/>

3. In the **Linked Accounts** section, set up your GitHub account connection to dbt Cloud by clicking **Link** to the right of GitHub. This redirects you to your account on GitHub where you will be asked to install and configure the dbt Cloud application. 

4. Select the GitHub organization and repositories dbt Cloud should access.

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/github-app-install.png" title="Installing the dbt Cloud application into a GitHub organization"/>

Reviewer: This can be aligned with the previous step for clarity
```suggestion
   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/github-app-install.png" title="Installing the dbt Cloud application into a GitHub organization"/>
```

> The dbt Cloud GitHub App requires the following permissions:

Reviewer: This can be a step. 
```suggestion
5. Assign the dbt Cloud GitHub App the following permissions:
```

   - Read access to metadata
   - Read and write access to checks, code, commit statuses, pull requests, and workflows

> 5. Once you grant access to the app, you will be redirected back to dbt Cloud and shown a linked account success state. You are now personally authenticated too, and your team members can begin [connecting their profiles](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#personally-authenticate-with-github).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once you grant access to the app, you will be redirected back to dbt Cloud and shown a linked account success state. You are now personally authenticated. 
7. Ask your team members to [personally authenticate](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#personally-authenticate-with-github) by connecting their GitHub profiles.
```

## Limiting repository access in GitHub
If you are your GitHub organization owner, you can also configure the dbt Cloud GitHub application to have access to only select repositories. This configuration must be done in GitHub, but we provide an easy link in dbt Cloud to start this process.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/configure-github.png" title="Configuring the dbt Cloud app"/>

> ## Personally authenticate with GitHub

Reviewer: Let's add a short "why"
```suggestion
## Personally authenticate with GitHub

Once the dbt Cloud admin has [set up a connection](docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#installing-dbt-cloud-in-your-github-account) to your organization GitHub account, you need to personally authenticate, which improves the security of dbt Cloud by enabling you to log in using OAuth through GitHub.
```

## Installing dbt Cloud in your GitHub account

> :::info Org Admin Permissions Required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> If you are integrating with a GitHub environment that uses Organizations, the following steps must be done by a GitHub org admin who has logged into dbt Cloud with Owner or Account Admin permissions.  This will mean you need to provision an additional dbt Cloud account for your GitHub org admin until these steps have been completed.

Reviewer 2: small tweaks and changes to active voice. @barberscott I'm also suggesting removing the callout and making this the intro paragraph to the header, as there is a callout just before this one. i've tried to emphasize the important points as well. 

do you think the below sentence (which exists on the current page) should still be included in the proposed changes?

>If you are a team of one or wish to connect your personal GitHub account, then these instructions also apply to you.

```suggestion
To integrate a GitHub environment that uses Organizations, a GitHub org admin _must_ log into dbt Cloud with _Owner_ or _Account Admin_ [permissions](/docs/collaborate/manage-access/self-service-permissions) and perform the following steps. 

You may need to provide an extra dbt Cloud user account for your GitHub org admin until they complete these steps.

```

Author: The note about needing to be an org admin feels like the most important thing in this entire section and is the thing folks seem to regularly miss so I wanted to make that super clear.  That was the motivation for the callout.

However we can do that I am in favor of -- ultimately I don't want folks to miss this critical piece since if you are not an org admin things just silently fail and you get error messages in other places.

That last sentence didn't feel like it added value or clarified things and personal login instructions are detailed toward the bottom so I felt like omitting that sentence gave more strength to what remained.

Reviewer 2: totally makes sense, i was talking to @runleonarun about this and wondered if a H3 Prerequisites header would work @barberscott ?

Author: That works for me!

> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> To link your dbt Cloud account to your team's GitHub account, navigate to Your Profile settings by clicking the gear icon in the top right. Select **Linked Accounts** from the left menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To link your dbt Cloud account to your team's GitHub account, navigate to Your Profile settings by clicking the gear icon in the top right. Select **Linked Accounts** from the left menu.
```

Once you grant access to the app, you will be redirected back to dbt Cloud and shown a linked account success state. You are now personally authenticated too, and your team members can begin [connecting their profiles](/docs/collaborate/git/connect-github#personally-authenticate-with-github).

> ## Limiting Repository Access in GitHub

Reviewer 2: changing sentence case per style guide

```suggestion
## Limiting repository access in GitHub
```

If you are your GitHub organization owner, you can also configure the dbt Cloud GitHub application to have access to only select repositories. This configuration must be done in GitHub, but we provide an easy link in dbt Cloud to start this process.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/configure-github.png" title="Configuring the dbt Cloud app"/>

## Personally authenticate with GitHub

> :::info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info 📌
```

> dbt Cloud developers on the Enterprise plan must each connect their GitHub profiles to dbt Cloud, as every developer's read / write access for the dbt repo is checked in the dbt Cloud IDE. dbt Cloud developers on the Team plan do not need to each connect their profiles to GitHub, but it is still recommended to do so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
&mdash; dbt Cloud developers on the [Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) must each connect their GitHub profiles to dbt Cloud. This is because the dbt Cloud IDE verifies every developer's read / write access for the dbt repo. 

&mdash; dbt Cloud developers on the [Team plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) don't need to each connect their profiles to GitHub, but it's still recommended to do so.
```
